Xiao Yifeng, how did you hurt me?
Is this to blame for the girl herself?
Just attacked my senior sister
Do you really think it's just a minor injury?
This breath is not an orchid secret at all
This is the power of Kamitani
I, Xiao Yingfeng, made a mistake once
Will it happen again?
400 years ago, my father tried to awaken Kamitani
Pair to make a feather ring
Unexpectedly, I was disturbed by my spirit
Died mad and vowed to the host
I expected that your demon realm would be hesitant to do it again
He first paralyzed the bones in his body
A gateway to the outside world
In this way, although the strength is weakened
It's more than enough for you
Then how did you hurt me just now?
Kovesha, Power of the Valley
maintainable
I just put a part of the power of divine martial arts in front of me
Introduced into the body of the senior sister
If attacked
It can rebound several times
Do a good job of treating others with their own way
I didn't expect you to protect me so much
Let Jiang Bai practice spring again
If the girl doesn't sneak attack my senior sister
Maybe I'm really not a girl's match at this moment